Checkbox and Radio Button Icon Alignment (#2694)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/ten-mayflies-grow.md

---
"@salt-ds/core": patch
---

> Fixed Icon alignment for Checkbox and Radio Button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed alignment for Checkbox and Radio Button. They are now correctly aligned to their labels.
```

---
"@salt-ds/core": patch
---

Fixed alignment for Checkbox and Radio Button. They are now correctly aligned to their labels.

> Fixed alignment for Checkbox Group and Radio Button Group when in a Form Field with label left. The Form Field label is now inline with the groups.

Reviewer 2: Is this in Chromatic?

Author: I can add it to the QA stories
